Time to deploy a real app!
We will go from an empty repo to running
containers in a few short steps.
The flow is simple: pick a template, apply
it to the repo, and run it. The CLI ships
built-in templates so we never have to write a docker
-compose from scratch.
Step one. We will list the available templates
. Rediacc ships ready-made setups for common apps
so we do not have to write a docker-compose from scratch.
The full template catalog. Each one is a tested
compose plus Rediaccfile pairing.
Step two.
Drop the app-postgres template into the repo.
This copies a tested set of files into
the repo for us.
Template applied.
Let us see what actually landed in the
repo.
Let us look at what the template added.
We connect into the repo and list its
files.
There is a Rediaccfile holding the start and
stop hooks,
and a docker-compose file describing the containers.
One note:
we add a redirect to dev null so
only the real output shows.
Without it,
the connection logs would clutter the screen.
We will keep doing that for the rest
of the commands.
Two files:
Rediaccfile for the lifecycle hooks,
and docker-compose.yml for the containers.
Now bring the repo up.
The CLI starts the containers,
mounts the encrypted volume,
and wires up the isolated Docker daemon.
Containers running,
volume mounted,
isolated Docker daemon up.
Let us verify what is running.
Docker ps here lists only this repo's
containers.
Other repos on the same server have
their own daemons and are completely invisible
from this view.
Only this repo's containers.
The isolation is real,
not configuration.
And that wraps up your first deploy
. See you in the next one, where we dig into
working with the repo itself.